Answers to assignment 1

Given I am talking to an actual boda guy
1. Programming is the process of giving instructions to a computer so it knows what to do.
For example, when your customer passenger tells you where they want to go, a programmer tells a computer what task to perform.

2. Relationship Between CPU, RAM and Hard Disk
Together, the CPU, RAM, and Hard Disk work together to process and store information.
The CPU is like the brain of the computer, so it thinks for it.
RAM is a temporary place where data is stored when it's needed by the CPU.
The hard disk is a permanent location where data is kept on a computer.

3. A memory address is the name of the location where data is stored in a computer's memory to ease the finding of needed data. 
For example, when your customer tells u to take them to Kampala at City Square. Kampala is the memory, and City Square is the memory address

4. Memory partitioning is dividing memory into different sections so that different programs can easily access. These sections are the ones given memory addresses.

5. A variable is a named container used to store data in a program.
For example, like your fuel tank holds fuel, a variable holds data.
Now in Python:
name = "Shatrah"
where name is the variable and "Shatrah" is the data kept in it.

6. A statement is a single instruction given to a computer, telling it what to do.
For example, when your customer tells you to take them to town, it’s a one-line instruction 
Then for Python;
print("Hello") is a statement


7. A module is a file that contains code and functions related and ready to be used.

8. Code is a set of instructions written by a programmer for a computer to follow.
For example, when directions are given to you, the rider to reach a destination, like directions from Ggaba to Bunga.

9. A block of code is a group of statements that work together to perform a given task.

10. A data type tells the computer what kind of data is being stored.
Common data types:
a.	Numeric data (integers and floats) that is our whole numbers and numbers with decimals, e.g., 10 and 10.5
b.	Strings (anything put in single or double quotations)
c.	Boolean (these confirm whether it is the truth or a lie) using true or false

11. Declaring is creating or introducing a variable to a program.
In Python:
Name (The variable name has been introduced.)

12. Initialising is giving a variable its first value.
Now in Python, when we write 
name = "Shatrah"
The variable name is given its first value.

